Two lecturers from ABC University's anthropology department (disguised), have withdrawn their applications for promotion after being accused of plagiarizing paragraphs from someone else's Master's dissertation in a research paper published in an international journal. This accusation was filed by Mr. X, a State X PhD candidate at University Y in country Z, to two assistants from Professor A, namely Mr. B and C.

On March 20th, Mr. B and C had applied to YYY University for promotion, the Professor and committee finally recommended their promotion. But not long ago they were accused of plagiarism. Finally Mr. B and C withdrew their applications by letter to the registrar at YYY University, citing “Accidental error in quotation”.

Mr. X filed a plagiarism complaint with XYZ Publisher's editorial director, Mr. AAA and its editor, Mr. BBB, and asked them to withdraw the publication. Mr. X also confirmed the same thing to YYY University where Mr. B and C applied for promotion.

"... this is shocking plagiarism, my work which I wrote in the first person was wrongly identified by these two authors as their own, by replacing 'me' with 'we'," alleged Mr. X further.

Finally, YYY University gave a response. We've checked it, and finally found out that some of the posts are exactly the same. We didn't have a chance to check for plagiarism due to the lack of plagiarism software, and because it is very expensive. We cannot take action because applicants have withdrawn their applications. This should be the responsibility of the publisher.

Finally YYY university asked publisher XYZ to withdraw their publication. The editor at publisher XYZ, expressed his regret over this incident and will remove the publication as soon as possible.

It was later discovered that this publication also plagiarized Mr. D which obtained many pictures, graphs and tables taken from the writings of Mr. D. In their publications, they also found data that was not appropriate, some data was hidden and they manipulated their data so that their writing looked good.
